Update for supporting multiple logging level settings (#290)
ros2/design: articles/150_ros_command_line_arguments.md

     string_param: bar
```

> #### Multiple Logging level assignments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Multiple logging level assignments
```

> #### Multiple logging level assignments

Reviewer 2: I would use "Logging level assignments" as the title

Reviewer 3: Actually, I'd use something even different here:

```
Per-node log-level assignments
```

Which I think describes the feature better.

Reviewer 4: Is it per node or per logger?

Author: > Is it per node or per logger?

It's per logger.

Author: I'll update it with 'Logging level assignments'.

> Logging level assignments have two means of settings which are a global logging level and other logging levels for specific loggers. Minimum logging level can be externally set using the `--log-level` option.

Reviewer: `a global logging level` means `a global minimal logging level`, right?. I think either global or not, `Minimum` is intended to described by author.

Author: Yes, the logging level in ROS2 uses a minimum value to control the output message.
`minimum` is used for both the global logging level and the specific logger level.

Reviewer 2: nit: I suggest rephrasing, as it sounds a bit confusing to me.
```suggestion
Minimum logging level can be externally set either globally or per logger using the `--log-level` option.
```

As an example, to set a global logging level to `DEBUG` for `some_ros_executable`, one may execute:

```sh
ros2 run some_package some_ros_executable --ros-args --log-level DEBUG
```

> Some specific loggers can be set using the `--log-level` option as well, the format as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some specific loggers can be set using the `--log-level` option as well:
```

```sh
ros2 run some_package some_ros_executable --ros-args --log-level talker1:=DEBUG --log-level talker2:=WARN
```

> The minimum logging level of a specific logger will override the globally specified minimum logger level.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The minimum logging level of a specific logger will override the globally specified minimum logger level.
If a logging level is specified more than once in the passed command line arguments, the last one prevails.

```

> Note that the logging level of a specific logger can override the global logging level for this logger.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The minimum logging level of a specific logger will override the globally specified minimum logger level.
```

     string_param: bar
```

#### Logging level assignments

Minimum logging level can be externally set either globally or per logger using the `--log-level` option.

As an example, to set a global logging level to `DEBUG` for `some_ros_executable`, one may execute:

```sh
ros2 run some_package some_ros_executable --ros-args --log-level DEBUG
```

> Some specific loggers can be set using the `--log-level` option as well:

Reviewer 4: So does `Some` here mean there are loggers you cannot set this way? If not, I'd drop it. If so, then I think we need some clarification on that.

```sh

> ros2 run some_package some_ros_executable --ros-args --log-level talker1:=DEBUG --log-level talker2:=WARN

Reviewer 4: It might be nice to have an example that's not just a node, like maybe `rclcpp` or `talker1.rclcpp` or something more interesting like that.

ros2 run some_package some_ros_executable --ros-args --log-level DEBUG
```

Loggers can be set using the `--log-level` option as well:

```sh

> ros2 run some_package some_ros_executable --ros-args --log-level talker1:=DEBUG --log-level talker2:=WARN rclcpp:=DEBUG

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ros2 run some_package some_ros_executable --ros-args --log-level talker1:=DEBUG --log-level talker2:=WARN --log-level rclcpp:=DEBUG
```
?

Author: Oh, bad mistake
